another shelter for hundreds of
displaced Palestinians in Gaza
destroyed and some of the limited
supplies of Aid ruined after Israel
targeted the honor headquarters in Gaza
City I found my eldest son injured the
youngest trapped under the debris and
those dead bodies lying there what wrong
did these innocent children do we are
running from Death towards death young
men and women are slaughtered by the
Israelis there is no safe inch in the
entire Gaza Strip this is our life
nothing but fear and destruction running
from Death to
death the war in Gaza has internally
displaced more than 1.7 million people
with a few if any places that can be
considered
safe all of us here are displaced
civilians some trying to get their hands
on food others searching for clean water
without warning is isi war planes fired
missiles on us this is an UNR center
it's supposed to be safe but the
Israelis have no regard to any limit
Israel's intensified blockade means Aid
deliveries are often stuck at border
crossings subject to Israeli scrutiny
and Aid workers say the aid that does
arrive is difficult to deliver due to
the ongoing
bombardment destroying supplies that
have already found their way in means a
population of 2.3 million that is
already facing death due to starvation
is at even a greater risk hanim Mahmud
Al jaaz from the central area of the
Gaza Strip
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz